Reuse compression configuration from the confighttp helper (#1432)
SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector: .changelog/1432.changed.txt

> Remove compress_encoding and all of our own compression code in favor of using the confighttp hhelper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: remove compress_encoding and all of our own compression code in favor of using the confighttp helper
```

Author: feat: Deprecate compress_encoding and remove all of our own compression code in favor of using the confighttp helper

> feat: Deprecate compress_encoding and remove all of our own compression code in favor of using the confighttp helper

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
feat(sumologicexporter): Deprecate compress_encoding and remove all of our own compression code in favor of using the confighttp helper
```
